CASSANDRA-17814 August 2022 blog "Cassandra Day in Berlin Announced" (#158)
apache/cassandra-website: site-content/source/modules/ROOT/pages/blog/Cassandra-Day-in-Berlin-Announced.adoc

= Cassandra Day in Berlin Announced
:page-layout: single-post
:page-role: blog-post
:page-post-date: August 12, 2022
:page-post-author: Cassandra Community
:description: Cassandra Day event in Berlin
:keywords:

:!figure-caption:

.Image credit: https://unsplash.com/@stewi[Stefan Widua on Unsplash^]

> image::https://unsplash.com/photos/iPOZf3tQfHA[View over the River Spree to Nikolaiviertel and Alexanderplatz, Berlin]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::blog/Cassandra-Day-in-Berlin-Announced-unsplash-stefan-widua.jpg[View over the River Spree to Nikolaiviertel and Alexanderplatz, Berlin]
```

Hallo Berlin! The Apache Cassandra community invites you to our next in-person, one-day event, which will take place in the German capital on *Tuesday, 20 September 2022*, kindly hosted and organized by DataStax.

> Cassandra Days focus on the open source Apache Cassandra project and the community that supports the project. Everyone (whether they are an individual user, contributor, or company) is welcome to attend and help organize the events. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cassandra Days focus on the open source Apache Cassandra project and the community that supports the project. Everyone (whether they are an individual user, contributor, or company) is welcome to attend and help organize these events. 
```
